W-15895638-rtf-core-permissions-kt (#1290)
mulesoft/docs-runtime-fabric: modules/ROOT/pages/configure-kubernetes.adoc

* xref:customize-kubernetes-crd.adoc[Customizing Mule Apps Kubernetes Resources] +
Customize your Mule app Kubernetes resources through the custom resource `kubernetestemplates.rtf.mulesoft.com` template.

> * xref:rtf-permissions.adoc[Runtime Fabric Core Software Permissions]

Reviewer: @kevintroller the way you have organized the rtfctl and core software permissions are good but how about we group all the permissions in one line and have sub-bullets.. something like this:

* xref:runtime-fabric-permissions[Runtime Fabric Kubernetes Permissions]
  ** rtf-permissions.adoc[Runtime Fabric Core Software Permissions]
  ** rtfctl-permissions.adoc[Enabling RTFCTL Kubernetes Permissions]
  ** mule-app-permissions.adoc[Mule App Deployment Kubernetes Permissions on RTF]

And these 3 can be independent docs page ?

CC: @karanshah-mulesoft @a-palchikov

> Review all the Kubernetes resource access authorizations used by Runtime Fabric core software.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Review the Kubernetes resource access permissions required by the Runtime Fabric control plane.
```
